---
layout: projects 
title: This Website
number: 2 
category: projects
---

<p>This website was a project by itself</p>

<p>I began developing this website with a curiosity for website development. Prior to this, I only was exposed to minor web development as shown by the project, Craftnet. However, I wanted to learn more of what I could do without the use of a premade CSS. This website was the final result of such an attempt. In my github, you would be able to see three versions of my website, from which the first two are two other branches. This version is the third version and my favorite one by far, as it is simple, and implements something that the other two do not. Javascript/JQuery. It took me two attempts at completely restarting the project before I felt comfortable enough with CSS and HTML before moving onto Javascript and JQuery to power the page. I felt as if CSS and HTML were more of my fundamentals behind website development and Javascript and JQuery was what I could use to finally apply the finishing touches to my website.</p>
<p> From this project, I also learned of how to use the Jekyll templating language along with github.io. I've found this templating language to be a rather nice method of managing my projects and creating my website. Overall, this website was an enticing experience for me.</p>
<ul>
    <li>Programming language(s): Javascript, HTML, CSS</li>
    <li>Framework(s): JQuery, Masonry </li>
    <li>Category: Website Development</li>
    <li>Role: Frontend developer</li>
</ul>
<p>Click <a href="https://github.com/{{site.github_username}}/{{site.github_username}}.github.io">here</a> to see my github repositiory or <a href="http://craftnet.cf">here</a> to see the website!</p>
